alright welcome back speed music is
still here cuz we didn't finish this
level last time so I swear to god he's
not coming back again oh my god Callum
is also the master pulling dick moves
shut up my dick move back dick move dick
Blume just so you guys know what a dick
move is it's just when your friend this
is a total dick and there's the pooping
dinosaur they pull that dick move and
there's the last tablet you gotta jump
on his back but you ride it like a
horsey oh wait nevermind that's a
different game yeah and the block
is when you're hitting on the hot girl
on your friend just happens to interfere
and totally block that was good
let's just in case every bunch of that
now I have to climb out the Tower of cut
I mean fudge I mean I'm not make
references to Detroit
got it I'm like over 9000 of those
blocks thank god no are you flying into
space what are you gonna go jump the
black hole like especially there sorry
needlessly Forbidden City um and I think
there's an order yet to put these in
theatre um yeah stone water fire ticket
by up PK fire tickets like an S is like
a little ball you as a nip you ready yet
because I am because I am because I our
pit I gotta spain in project out of a
regular a spam wings what doing I have
you oh you're all cement rock oh hey
look it's the new pixel I wonder what
his name is wait I think um hold on what
should my favorite worthy it makes
him yes like a will it fit in there
and they won't fit okay um it should be
potent yes home
Duke regos Callen gets pwned alla da
up look oh I think it's a sunday
shoes for their no you don't you just be
me please well I think its ability oh
this is hilarious you just like screams
it out loud and it's like some random
word i just typed in random layers this
is gonna be good see Nick Smisek six
yeah that's not the greatest word
universe so guess what his name is I
think it's cuz what the fudge judge you
just like swarmed around mario fun I
think you're not even wearing clothes
let's love ya come on that song since
yeah why do all the pixels slick think
they can just like streak they're all
naked all the time people i'm sure
people would rather see Mario naked
because I mean he's a celebrity to what
I want to see that I'm sure his a pipe
is really big if you know what I'm
saying let's go to that war plume we can
go to my name for 10 15 Peach has been a
spy it's very tight and snug but yeah oh
yeah oh you're gonna do it to this part
it's a short one but yeah we'll see you
guys next part and I'm not gonna be here
yeah he won't be here I come I'm sorry
don't miss me shut up bye